# Intuition

The initial thought is to keep track of the global minimum price and the maximum price after the minimum price. 

Consider [2, 8, 1, 3]. The minimum price is not guaranteed to be the best buy price, though. Thinking as an investor, a lower low price is not always the best buy price, but have the potential to yield a higher profit.

When the array is traversed to 3, the reason why we choose [2, 8] instead of [1, 3] is because 8 - 2 > 3 - 1. That is, comparing the potential profit of the two pairs, so the sell price is always determined by the maximum profit, not the maximum price after the minimum price.

In conclusion, we need to keep track of the minimum price and the maximum profit.

# Approach

1. Initialize the minimum price as the maximum integer value and the maximum profit as 0.
2. Traverse the array.
3. If the current price is less than the minimum price, update the minimum price. (always keep the record of lower low price)
4. If the current price - minimum price (current profit) is greater than the maximum profit, update the profit. (always keep the record of higher high price)
5. Return the maximum profit.
## Note

This approach is can also start from the end of the array. The idea is the same, but the implementation is slightly different.

# Complexity
- Time complexity:
O(n) since we only traverse the array once.

- Space complexity:
O(1) since we only use two variables to store the minimum price and the maximum profit.

# Code
```cpp []
class Solution {
public:
    int maxProfit(vector<int>& prices) {
        int min_price = INT_MAX;
        int profit = 0;
        for(int i = 0; i < prices.size(); i++){
            if (prices[i] < min_price){
                min_price = prices[i];
            } 
            else if(prices[i] - min_price > profit){
                profit = prices[i] - min_price;
            }
        }
        return profit;
    }
};
```